THE MOST HIGH CHOSEN PEOPLE
Shalom, Greetings to my beloved people Israel (12 Tribes). To the so called Blacks, Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, Norther America Indians, Haitians, Jamaicans and the rest of the 12 Tribes, please understand that you are very precious in the eyesight of the creator. He created the world for you and gave you dominion over everything. You are a Holy and special people unto him.

How special and Holy they are
Deuteronomy Chapter 4:7-8 For what nation is there so great, who hath the Most High so nigh unto them, as the Most High our power is in all things that we call upon him for? 8 And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law, which I set before you this day?

Precepts to Deuteronomy 4:7:
2 Samuel 7:23 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like Israel, whom the Most High went to redeem for a people to himself, and to make him a name, and to do for you great things and terrible, for thy land, before thy people, which thou redeemers to thee from Egypt, from the nations and their gods?

Exodus 25:8 And let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them.

Leviticus 26:12 And I will walk among you, and will be your God, and ye shall be my people

Psalms 46:1 The Most High is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.

Isaiah 56:6 Also the sons of the stranger, that join themselves to the Most High, to serve him, and to love the name of the Most High, to be his servants, every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it, and taketh hold of my covenant;

Zechariah 2:10 Sing and rejoice, O daughter of Zion: for, lo, I come, and I will dwell in the midst of thee, saith the Most High.

Ephesians 2:17 And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.

James 4:8 Draw nigh to the Most High, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, yet double minded. (Moses asked the children of Israel 2 question he said \"For what nation is there so great And what nation is there so great, that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law". We are so Holy as a people that as a Nation we are the only people that have Statutes laws and judgements, look at the precepts.)

Deuteronomy 7:6-8 For thou art an holy people unto the Most High thy power: the Most High thy power hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth. 7 The Most High did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people: 8 But because the Most High loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Most High brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.

Precepts to Deuteronomy 7:6:
Psalms 50:5 Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice.

Precepts to Deuteronomy 7:8:
Exodus 32:13 Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever.

Psalms 105:8 He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.

Luke 1:55 As he spake to our fathers, to Abraham, and to his seed for ever.

Exodus 13:3 And Moses said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came out from Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for by strength of hand the Most High brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened bread be eaten. (We are a special people and above all the people (Gentiles) upon the face of the earth. In verse 8 it said that the Most High loved us, the 12 Tribes of Israel and delivered our forefathers out of the hand of the Egyptians.)

Amos 3:1-2 Hear this word that the Most High hath spoken against you, O children of Israel, against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying, 2 You only have I known of all the families of the earth: therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities.

Precepts to Amos 3:2:
Ezekiel 9:6 Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children, and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house.

Daniel 9:12 And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole heaven hath not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem.

Matthew 11:12 And from the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent take it by force.

Luke 12:47 And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes.

Romans 2:9 Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;

1 Peter 4:17 For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of the Most High: and if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of the Most High? (In Amos verse 2 it says "You only have I known of all the families of the earth" we are the only people the Most High have know in the earth and thats why we was punish for our iniquities, thats how Holy and special we are.)

